I grew up the Charlotte Hornets at that
time of the best chairs and everything
he's still on I know so it's crazy days
are coming back and we applauded and we
won the first one on the team this is
our church made me feel special now I'm
excited you know you know ordinances
associated with good teams good
basketball so that something we look
forward to going I'm pretty sure if it
up bring it back they got it the top
this is serious what do you get on my
dad like your way into the center here
all right guys welcome to the MIT museum
Uptown Charlotte and it gives me great
pride to say welcome to the unveiling of
the 2014-15 Charlotte Hornets uniforms
as you can see there are three cylinders
here in this set these cylinders
represent our home our road and our
alternate uniform that can be worn both
home and away so as try captains it's
our honor to be able to have you here
tonight for the world debut you're the
first to see it so without further ado
let's get into
right there I think that might make me
look more let go stuffed our sneakers
doubt it see that definitely
did you say knows how Seuss that's nice
time I saw Scott do right
whoa that's the cat's collar that's nice
I just going to ask her I was told I
little Cuban that cousin took it has a
tuft overall really nice tone the car
I'm sure that we call it too I'm feeling
it might be excited on the road
that's my Johnson please just saying on
the other two Charlotte let's just go
did you get a great talk good job and
say Jennifer day
all right Charlotte the new jerseys were
just unveiled we love them it's gonna be
a great season coming up and we're gonna
look great we hope you like
what's telling me the most was was this
how they put on Charlotte on the shorts
no you can't really you can't see it
much until you already closed and i
thought it was no kind of unique because
no other teams are definitely are gonna
know how down there on his shorts yeah I
thought um you know they tried to do a
little little bit similar to the old
jerseys with the pinstripes and I
couldn't make it exactly that but I
thought that you know I was a good Oh to
the old team I thought this is my
favorite Warren cook with the color you
could wear at home and away you know i'm
pretty sure that God's come up with some
nice ideal for shoes I'm excited no it's
lot of history there you know they could
run a lot they've done some great things
and on you know in this city so no for
us to be no just just taking on that
legacy again no I'm excited and I
wouldn't want to do it with you know
another group of guys so I mean I'm
ready especially coming up the season we
had last year and now to you know how
did new uniforms here you know I think
he's just gonna just really on top of
things up for this year making everybody
around the city you know can't wait for
the season get started so you know I
think it's perfect timing for the moving
the phone to come up
you